SBezier Ver. 1.0

INSTRUCTIONS:

1) To utilize the Bezier module in your game, inject a copy of the Bezier script into ServerScriptStorage from the Plugin's UI.

2) Click "New" to create a new Bezier Composite.
NOTE:  If you were already working on one, the previous one will be lost, so be sure to save your work.

3) Click on a Control Point (dot) to begin editing its position.

4) Click "Extend" to add another Bezier Curve onto the current composite. Click shorten to remove the most recently added curve.

5) Click "Save" and enter a name to save your composite Bezier to a StringValue. If you enter a name that already exists in the "Bezier Paths" folder, it will be overwritten.

6) Click "Load" while having a single StringValue that was generated by this plugin selected to load it back in for editing.

DOCUMENTATION:

    --[[
        This will load the Bezier module into a variable named 'bezier' (for demonstration purposes). 
        You can inject a copy of it from the Instructions page.
    --]]
    local bezier = require(Bezier2)

    --[[
        Returns a Bezier composite from a StringValue generated from the plugin. 
        Assume what was returned from this function is saved in a variable named 'path' for demonstration purposes.
    --]]
    bezier.BezierComposite.LoadFromString(StringValue.Value)

    --[[
        Updates and returns the number of Beziers that compose path's Bezier composite.
    --]]
    path:UpdateLength()

    --[[
        Returns the position & derivative at time 't', where 0 <= t <= path:UpdateLength().
    --]]
    path:Calculate(t)
